Docs WIP (#10)
newrelic/nr1-catalog: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/app_update.md

# PR checklist to update an application already in the New Relic One Catalog

## Nerdpack Approver

- Provide the **GitHub handle** for the final Approver of this Nerdpack in your Pull Request. *Note: this is the person who will need to provide explicit sign off for the change ahead of deployment.*
- If known, what is the requested date for the deployment of this functionality? *Note: this information is regarded as a courtesy. Neither New Relic nor the **nr1-catalog maintainer team** are under any obligation to meet this request. It simply provides a useful target for completion.*

### Functional Changes

List the functional changes in the pull request.

- Major feature #1
- Major feature #2

*Note: The rest of this template is a checklist and guide for ensuring that your pull request is swiftly and consistently approved.*

## Basic Nerdpack Validation

Validate that the following are present in your PR ahead of submitting:

> - [ ] Your application's reference in `.gitmodules` file is updated to the check-in your expect

Reviewer: Tiny correction - the submodule reference doesn't change in `.gitmodules` when an update occurs. Git's internal object store is updated with the new submodule SHA. The only way to "see" that change is via `git submodule status`. 

```suggestion
- [ ] Your application's submodule commit reference (SHA-hash value) has been updated to the value you expect (validate via `git submodule status`)
```
